However if we use the key word let to make our variables inside of javascript what's going to happen
is a little different.
So first we'll make a variable inside of a code block will do if true.
And then we'll do our Neame equals Leroi like so and then outside of that code block we can Soldat log
name it'll actually print out Leroi if things go as they should.
Let me try and reload this one more time.
There we go.
You can see it prints out Leroy.
So in other words this variable isn't being restrained to this code block rate here it's being restrained
to the global scope.
And so we still have it available to us whenever we try to access it.
Now all I have to do is change the keyword var to the keyword list and you'll see that I actually don't
have access to it anymore.
And it throws a reference there.
So by using the keyword let to make our variables we now have block scoping available to us.
Meaning that this curly brace set right here is actually its own scope now.
And this would apply to for example for loops as well.
If you declared variables inside of four loops not inside the clauses that would be limited to that
particular scope in any scope that's nested inside of it.
Also true for things like functions so if you'd had a function that say check or let's just say hello
and then after that we did let name equal in and we'll do Jim like so called Soldat log.
Hi plus name and then say hello once again block scoping would also apply to this particular consulate.
Log right here.
So in other words whenever we have curly braces and we use the keyword left that is the scope of that
particular variable.